MK_ETMS
Employee transportation management to the next level with end-to-end automation.

Transportation manager can view, manage and track all trip activity from a central dashboard.
Live dashboard
	Search by Trip ID / Search by Vehicle ID / Search by Employee ID / Employee Name
	Delayed Vehicles live
	Ongoing Planned trips live
	trip sheets Pending push to Driver
	Trip sheets Rejected Vendor
	Drop Safe Confirmation
	Calls to Driver via Masked Number
	Live Tracking
	Auto Allocation of Escort for Lady Traveller
	Panic Alarm Button for Employee & Driver App
	Instant Alert for Vehicle Deviation
Command Centre: Transportation admins get a powerful web panel to manage all employee transportation activities centrally.
Trip Tracking: Admin can track all ongoing trips with relevant details in one place.
Manage Rosters: Admin can create daily, weekly and monthly rosters for all types of employee transportation needs.
Multiple Scheduling Options
•	We have multiple options for Scheduling options.
•	Self Scheduling by Employee on App
•	Admin / Team Manager Scheduling in bulk
•	Adhoc or late night booking by employee on app
•	Airport Pickup or Drop by employee on app
•	RAC booking options
•	Team outing booking on app
Manage Routes: create predefined routes with pick and drop points. 
	Intelligent Route Planning The system should automatically determine the most efficient routes considering various factors like traffic conditions, distance, time of day, and employee locations.
	Dynamic Routing: The system must be able to adapt to real-time changes like traffic congestion, road closures, or last-minute employee requests by dynamically adjusting routes for optimal navigation.
	Predictive Traffic Analysis: Leverage historical and real-time traffic data to forecast traffic patterns, including peak hours and special events, and provide alternative routes to avoid congestion. 
	Fair Vendor Allocation: Implement logic to ensure equitable allocation of trips among vendors, fostering fairness and promoting healthy competition.
	Built -in algorithm ensures minimizing the distance and maximizing vehicle occupancy
	The intelligent algorithm prevents routing if a female employee is the first pick up or last drop without an escort in the vehicle.
	Only Solution with three options for Routing- Intelligent, Fixed and Mirror Routing

Shuttle services: Configure routes and stops, set timings and fare, apply policies, assign buses, view route suggestions, usage and more. 
	Virtual Bus Stops and Zone-Based Routing: For shuttle or bus services, implement virtual bus stops to facilitate efficient pickups and drop-offs. Additionally, consider zone-based routing to ensure each service area is served

Manage Fleet: Add and manage all vehicle details in your transportation fleet with their current status.
Manage Drivers: Quickly create and add new driver profiles to your fleet Admin can view a list of all the drivers with their current status.
Manage Employees: Maintain an employee database with their trip history and other records.
Toll Master: Add new toll routes employee / delete / edit
Penalty Master: if find the any compliance issue put penalty 
User role management: Managing employee and driver profiles, roles, and permissions.
Vendor onboarding and management: Add new vendor / delete / edit
	Service Registration: Allow transportation vendors to register themselves, providing company details, fleet information (types of vehicles, capacity), certifications.
	Verification and Approval Workflows: Implement automated and manual verification processes to validate vendor information, ensuring compliance with company and regulatory standards. This might include background safety checks.
	Contract Management: Integrate contract management features to track contracts, automate renewals, and store relevant terms and conditions with alerts for expiring documents. 
	Documentation Management: Provide a secure platform for vendors to upload and manage documents like GST certificates, PAN cards, bank account details, NDAs, SLAs, and insurance certificates.

Manage Requests: Admin can view and approve/reject transportation requests from the employees.
Manage Billing: View and manage all trip expenses, configure expense calculation settings and more.
•	Complete Separate Billing Module Available Covering All Aspects Of Transport Billing
•	Different Billing Type Can Be Inputted
•	EV Billing Option Available

Customized Billing Module: Generate and analyze reports on various aspects like cost analysis.
	Manage and view all trip expenses and configure billing calculations.
	Implement automated billing and invoice generation based on different models (e.g., trip-based, route-based, per KM).
	Automated billing and invoice generation.
	Facilitate the creation and management of invoices and bills based on completed trips, mileage, or other agreed-upon metrics.
	No more waiting for bill approvals, our solution has a automated billing system . It is completely digitized for a hassle free billing.

Mobile App for Admins: Optional mobile app for admins to manage operations on the go.
SMS & Calls: Allow drivers and employees sms and call recording Reports.
Security Dashboard: The app includes a security dashboard that allows for monitoring of vehicle movement and alerts in case of any issues. 
Safety & Security: Features like emergency alerts, geofencing, and speed monitoring.
Safe Drop Confirmation: employees to confirm safe arrival through OTP verification or IVR call Reports.
Audit Ready: Keep your operations audit-ready with a detailed log for each and every trip.
incident Report: This Transport Safety Information provides advice on vehicle incident investigation management report record.
Communication Tools: Broadcasting announcements or messages to employees and drivers.
•	We have a Communication Portal for the users
•	Inbuilt communication portal for client to plan event based communication to different users on transport.
•	Communications can be sent by in-app notifications, SMS or email. Client can to send in any the modes.
•	IVRS calling also available to as security feature to avoid mobile number visibility

Reporting & Analytics: Get useful stats and numbers for better operational insights and analysis.
	Enhanced Feedback Report
	Driver Reject Report
	Safe Home Report
	OTA OTD Summary Report
	No Show Report
	ERN Consolidated Report
	Shift Wise Count Report
	Cab Trip Sheet
	Vehicle Change Report
	Board Copy Report
	SPOC No Show Report
	Employee Shuttle Trip Report
	Daily Package Wise Billing Report
	Monthly Package Wise Billing Report
	Back-To-Back Trips Report
	Manual Close Details
	Escort Trips
	Shuttle Trip Sheet
	Escort Change Log
	Speed violation
	Trip Member No Show Approval Report
	Security Trip Report
	Feedback Report
	Employee Cab Trip Report
	Geofence Report 
	Roster Cancellation Report
	Roster Changes Report
	Adhoc Report
	Roster Report
	Drivers Using Mobile App
	Employee Details Report
	New Joinee
	Employees Using Mobile App
	Address Change
	Vehicle Distance Travelled Report
	Travel Path Report
	Vehicle Trip Report
	SMS Reports
	Call Masking Report
	Deleted Employees
	Deleted Drivers
	Deleted Vehicles
	SOS Report

amazing features Of Transport Management System
Differential Booking Modules
Robust Rostering System
Customization
Transparent Business Operations
User Defined Customer Reports
Speed Violation Monitoring
E-Trip Sheet
Geofence Based Authentication
		

A complete solution to automate employee transportation operations by MK_ETMS
